Split the large template guide into 3 smaller guides (#202)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Displaying a User Interface/Template Buttons/index.md

There are three different ways to create a soft button: with just text, with just an image, or with both text and images. If creating a button with an image, we recommend that you template the image so its color works well with both the day and night modes of the head unit. For more information on templating images please see the [Template Images](Displaying a User Interface/Template Images) guide. 

![Generic HMI](assets/Generic_non_media.png)

#### Text Only Soft Buttons
@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
SDLSoftButtonState *textState = [[SDLSoftButtonState alloc] initWithStateName:@"<#State Name#>" text:@"<#Button Label Text#>" image:nil];
SDLSoftButtonObject *softButton = [[SDLSoftButtonObject alloc] initWithName:@"<#Button Name#>" state:textState handler:^(SDLOnButtonPress * _Nullable buttonPress, SDLOnButtonEvent * _Nullable buttonEvent) {
    if (buttonPress == nil) { return; }
    <#Button selected#>

> }];

Author: Fixed all the code snippets that only have a single state.

[self.sdlManager.screenManager beginUpdates];
self.sdlManager.screenManager.softButtonObjects = @[softButton];
[self.sdlManager.screenManager endUpdatesWithCompletionHandler:^(NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if (error != nil) {
        <#Error Updating UI#>
    } else {
        <#Update to UI was Successful#>
    }
}];
```

##### Swift
```swift
let textState = SDLSoftButtonState(stateName: "<#State Name#>", text: "<#Button Label Text#>", image: nil)
let softButton = SDLSoftButtonObject(name: "<#Button Name#>", state: textState) { (buttonPress, buttonEvent) in

>     guard buttonPress != nil else { return }

Author: Fixed.

    <#Button selected#>

> }

Author: Fixed.

sdlManager.screenManager.beginUpdates()
sdlManager.screenManager.softButtonObjects = [softButton]
sdlManager.screenManager.endUpdates { (error) in
    if error != nil {
        <#Error Updating UI#>
    } else {
        <#Update to UI was Successful#>
    }
}
```
!@

@![android, javaSE, javaEE]
```java
SoftButtonState textState = new SoftButtonState("<#State Name#>", "<#Button Label Text#>", null);
SoftButtonObject softButtonObject = new SoftButtonObject("softButtonObject", Collections.singletonList(textState), textState.getName(), new SoftButtonObject.OnEventListener() {
    @Override
    public void onPress(SoftButtonObject softButtonObject, OnButtonPress onButtonPress) {
    }

    @Override
    public void onEvent(SoftButtonObject softButtonObject, OnButtonEvent onButtonEvent) {

    }
});

sdlManager.getScreenManager().beginTransaction();
sdlManager.getScreenManager().setSoftButtonObjects(Collections.singletonList(softButtonObject));
sdlManager.getScreenManager().commit(new CompletionListener() {
	@Override
	public void onComplete(boolean success) {
		Log.i(TAG, "ScreenManager update complete: " + success);
	}
});
```
!@

#### Image Only Soft Buttons

> You can use the @![iOS]`SDLSystemCapabilityManager`!@@![android,javaSE,javaEE]`SystemCapabilityManager`!@ to check if the HMI supports soft buttons with images. If you send image-only buttons to a HMI that does not support images, then your buttons will be rejected by the head unit. 

Author: I fixed the description

```

##### Swift
```swift
let softButtonsSupportImages = sdlManager.systemCapabilityManager.defaultMainWindowCapability.softButtonCapabilities.first.imageSupported.boolValue ?? false
```
!@

@![android, javaSE, javaEE]
```java
List<SoftButtonCapabilities> softButtonCapabilitiesList = sdlManager.getSystemCapabilityManager().getDefaultMainWindowCapability().getSoftButtonCapabilities();
boolean imageSupported = (!softButtonCapabilitiesList.isEmpty()) ? softButtonCapabilitiesList.get(0).getImageSupported() : false;
```
!@
 
Once you know that the HMI supports images in soft buttons you can create and send the image-only soft buttons. 

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
SDLSoftButtonState *imageState = [[SDLSoftButtonState alloc] initWithStateName:@"<#State Name#>" text:nil image:[[UIImage imageNamed:@"<#Image Name#>"] imageWithRenderingMode:<#UIImageRenderingMode#>]];
SDLSoftButtonObject *softButton = [[SDLSoftButtonObject alloc] initWithName:@"<#Button Name#>" state:imageState handler:^(SDLOnButtonPress * _Nullable buttonPress, SDLOnButtonEvent * _Nullable buttonEvent) {
    if (buttonPress == nil) { return; }
    <#Button selected#>

> }];

Author: Fixed.

[self.sdlManager.screenManager beginUpdates];
self.sdlManager.screenManager.softButtonObjects = @[softButton];
[self.sdlManager.screenManager endUpdatesWithCompletionHandler:^(NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if (error != nil) {
        <#Error Updating UI#>
    } else {
        <#Update to UI was Successful#>
    }
}];
```

##### Swift
```swift
let imageState = SDLSoftButtonState(stateName: "State Name", text: nil, image: UIImage(named:"<#Image Name#>")?.withRenderingMode(<#RenderingMode#>))
let softButton = SDLSoftButtonObject(name: "<#Button Name#>", state: imageState) { (buttonPress, buttonEvent) in

>     guard buttonPress != nil else { return }

Author: Fixed.

    <#Button selected#>

> }

Author: Fixed.

    @Override
    public void onPress(SoftButtonObject softButtonObject, OnButtonPress onButtonPress) {
    }

    @Override
    public void onEvent(SoftButtonObject softButtonObject, OnButtonEvent onButtonEvent) {
    }
});

sdlManager.getScreenManager().beginTransaction();
sdlManager.getScreenManager().setSoftButtonObjects(Collections.singletonList(softButtonObject));
sdlManager.getScreenManager().commit(new CompletionListener() {
	@Override
	public void onComplete(boolean success) {
		Log.i(TAG, "ScreenManager update complete: " + success);
	}
});
```
!@

#### Image and Text Soft Buttons
@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
SDLSoftButtonState *state = [[SDLSoftButtonState alloc] initWithStateName:@"<#State Name#>" text:@"<#Button Label Text#>" image:[[UIImage imageNamed:@"<#Image Name#>"] imageWithRenderingMode:<#UIImageRenderingMode#>]];
SDLSoftButtonObject *softButton = [[SDLSoftButtonObject alloc] initWithName:@"<#Button Name#>" state:state handler:^(SDLOnButtonPress * _Nullable buttonPress, SDLOnButtonEvent * _Nullable buttonEvent) {
    if (buttonPress == nil) { return; }
    <#Button selected#>

> }];

Author: Fixed.

[self.sdlManager.screenManager beginUpdates];
self.sdlManager.screenManager.softButtonObjects = @[softButton];
[self.sdlManager.screenManager endUpdatesWithCompletionHandler:^(NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if (error != nil) {
        <#Error Updating UI#>
    } else {
        <#Update to UI was Successful#>
    }
}];
```

##### Swift
```swift
let state = SDLSoftButtonState(stateName: "<#State Name#>", text: "<#Button Label Text#>", image: UIImage(named:"<#Image Name#>")?.withRenderingMode(<#RenderingMode#>))
let softButton = SDLSoftButtonObject(name: "<#Button Name#>", state: state) { (buttonPress, buttonEvent) in
    guard buttonPress != nil else { return }
    <#Button selected#>

> }

Author: Fixed.

    }

    @Override
    public void onEvent(SoftButtonObject softButtonObject, OnButtonEvent onButtonEvent) {
    }
});

sdlManager.getScreenManager().beginTransaction();
sdlManager.getScreenManager().setSoftButtonObjects(Collections.singletonList(softButtonObject));
sdlManager.getScreenManager().commit(new CompletionListener() {
	@Override
	public void onComplete(boolean success) {
		Log.i(TAG, "ScreenManager update complete: " + success);
	}
});

// Transition to a new state
SoftButtonObject retrievedSoftButtonObject = sdlManager.getScreenManager().getSoftButtonObjectByName("softButtonObject");
retrievedSoftButtonObject.transitionToNextState();
```
!@

### Deleting Soft Buttons
To delete soft buttons, simply pass the screen manager a new array of soft buttons. To delete all soft buttons, simply pass the screen manager an empty array.

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
self.sdlManager.screenManager.softButtonObjects = @[];
```

##### Swift
```swift
sdlManager.screenManager.softButtonObjects = []
```
!@

@![android,javaSE,javaEE]
```java
sdlManager.getScreenManager().setSoftButtonObjects(Collections.EMPTY_LIST);
```
!@

> ## Subscribing to System Buttons

Reviewer: This guide is already really long and I feel like putting this here buries it. I think it should be a separate guide. Maybe "Template System Buttons"?

Author: Separated the button guide into two guides.

> Subscribe buttons are used to detect when your user has interacted with buttons located in the car's center console or steering wheel. You can subscribe to the following buttons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subscription buttons are used to detect when your user has interacted with buttons located in the car's center console or steering wheel – or built-in buttons on the template, depending on the OEM. You can subscribe to the following buttons:
```

| Button  | Template |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Play / Pause | Media only |

> | Ok | Media only |

Reviewer: I don't believe this is media only anymore.

Author: Fixed.

| Seek left | Media only |
| Seek right | Media only |
| Tune up | Media only |
| Tune down | Media only |

> | Preset 0-9 | Any |

Reviewer: I thought this was Media and OnscreenPresets only, but I could definitely be wrong

Author: I check the core code and it does not do any check for app-type when attempting to subscribe to preset buttons (like it does for media and navigation subscribe buttons).

| Search | Any |
| Center Location | NavigationFullscreenMap only |
| Zoom In | NavigationFullscreenMap only |
| Zoom Out | NavigationFullscreenMap only |
| Pan Up | NavigationFullscreenMap only |
| Pan Up-Right | NavigationFullscreenMap only |
| Pan Right | NavigationFullscreenMap only |
| Pan Down-Right | NavigationFullscreenMap only |
| Pan Down | NavigationFullscreenMap only |
| Pan Down-Left | NavigationFullscreenMap only |
| Pan Left | NavigationFullscreenMap only |
| Pan Up-Left | NavigationFullscreenMap only |
| Toggle Tilt | NavigationFullscreenMap only |
| Rotate Clockwise | NavigationFullscreenMap only |
| Rotate Counter-Clockwise | NavigationFullscreenMap only |
| Toggle Heading | NavigationFullscreenMap only |

!!! NOTE
`Media` is the default template for media apps, and `NavigationFullscreenMap` is the default template for navigation apps.
!!!

### Subscribe Buttons HMI
In the screenshot below, the pause, seek left and seek right icons are subscribe buttons.
![Generic - Media Template with subscribe buttons](assets/Generic_template_media_light.png)

!!! NOTE

> There is no way to customize a subscribe button's image or text.

Reviewer: This isn't totally true for the play/pause button, which you can (limitedly) change using `SDLSetMediaClockTimer.audioStreamingIndicator`

Author: I removed this note and added a paragraph with a link to **Media Clock** section.

!!!

### Audio-Related Buttons

> The play/pause, seek left, seek right, tune up, and tune down subscribe buttons can only be used in the `MEDIA` template. Depending on the manufacturer of the head unit, the subscribe button might also show up as a soft button in the media template. For example, the SYNC 3 HMI will add the ok, seek right, and seek left soft buttons to the media template when you subscribe to those buttons. You will automatically be assigned the media template if you set your app's `appType` to `MEDIA`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The play/pause, seek left, seek right, tune up, and tune down subscribe buttons can only be used in the `MEDIA` template. Depending on the head unit's OEM, the subscribed button could show up as a soft button in the media template, work as a hard button on the car console or steering wheel, or both. For example, the SYNC 3 HMI will add the play/pause, seek right, and seek left soft buttons to the media template when you subscribe to those buttons. However, it will only allow tune up and tune down to occur using the tune dial on the center console. You will automatically be assigned the media template if you set your app's `appType` to `MEDIA`.
```

    <#Subscribe button selected#>
})

let preset2 = SDLSubscribeButton(buttonName: .preset2, handler: { (buttonPress, buttonEvent) in
    guard buttonPress != nil else { return }
    <#Subscribe button selected#>
})

self.sdlManager.send([preset1, preset2], progressHandler: nil, completionHandler: { (success) in
    guard success else { return }
    <#Subscribe buttons sent successfully#>
})
```
!@

@![android,javaSE,javaEE]
```java
sdlManager.addOnRPCNotificationListener(FunctionID.ON_BUTTON_PRESS, new OnRPCNotificationListener() {
    @Override
    public void onNotified(RPCNotification notification) {
        OnButtonPress onButtonPressNotification = (OnButtonPress) notification;
        switch (onButtonPressNotification.getButtonName()) {
            case PRESET_1:
                <#PRESET_1 subscribe button selected#>
                break;
            case PRESET_2:
                <#PRESET_2 subscribe button selected#>
                break;
        }
    }
});

SubscribeButton preset1 = new SubscribeButton(ButtonName.PRESET_1);
SubscribeButton preset2 = new SubscribeButton(ButtonName.PRESET_2);
sdlManager.sendRPCs(Arrays.asList(preset1, preset2), null);
```

> !@

Reviewer: We should probably add a section on navigation-related buttons at some point. This could be an issue for future work.

Author: Added a section for navigation subscribe buttons.
